TERMS AND CONDITIONS: DOWN SYNDROME SLEEP TESTING EXPERIMENT

Please read these terms and conditions carefully before participating in the Down Syndrome Sleep Testing Experiment ("the Experiment"). By participating in the Experiment, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions.

Purpose of the Experiment: The purpose of the Experiment is to study the sleep patterns of individuals with Down Syndrome in order to improve our understanding of sleep disorders associated with Down Syndrome.

Participants: Participants must be individuals with Down Syndrome who are at least 18 years of age or older. Participants must also be willing and able to comply with the testing procedures and requirements of the Experiment.

Procedure: Participants will be asked to spend one or more nights in a sleep laboratory or other testing facility. During this time, participants will be monitored with various sensors and equipment to collect data on their sleep patterns. Participants may also be asked to complete surveys or questionnaires related to their sleep habits and experiences.

Risks and Benefits: The Experiment may involve some discomfort or inconvenience for participants, including wearing sensors and being monitored while sleeping. However, there is no anticipated harm or risk to participants as a result of their participation in the Experiment. The benefits of the Experiment include contributing to our understanding of Down Syndrome and sleep disorders, which may ultimately lead to improved treatment and support for individuals with Down Syndrome.

Confidentiality: All data collected during the Experiment will be kept strictly confidential and will only be used for research purposes. Participants will not be identified in any publications or reports resulting from the Experiment.

Withdrawal: Participants may withdraw from the Experiment at any time for any reason without penalty. However, data collected up to the point of withdrawal may still be used for research purposes.

Compensation: Participants will not receive any compensation or payment for their participation in the Experiment.

Consent: By participating in the Experiment, participants are consenting to the collection and use of their data for research purposes. Participants are also acknowledging that they have read and understood these terms and conditions.

Contact Information: If you have any questions or concerns about the Experiment or these terms and conditions, please contact [insert contact information for the research team or sponsoring organization].

By participating in the Experiment, you acknowledge that you have read and understood these terms and conditions and agree to be bound by them.